Tell me something about yourself.

Hello.
My name is Jung-Hoon Kim and I am in my early forties.
I am married with three kids. There are six people in my family.
my mother, my wife, two sons, one daughter and me.
I works for samsung electronics. I have been working for 10 years as a engineer in the software development.
In my free time, I like to go camping so I usually go camping with my family for two or three days.
When it comes to my personality, I am quiet and easy-going. So I have many friends.
Thank you.

The place where you live. what does it look like?

I live in an apartment complex with my family in Dong-back.
My house is cozy cand comportable.
As soon as I enter my home, I can see the mordern entrance of my home.
There are three bedrooms and two bathrooms in my home.
The master bedroom is being used with my wife and me.
The others are for my kids and my mother.
In addtion, there is a living room and a kitchen.
I think my home is a good place to live.

Comparison your current and old house in detail.

In the past, I lived in a small apartment, but, on the other hand, I live in a large apartment now.
Compared to my old house, my current house is brighter and more organized.
My old house had three bedrooms and one bathroom, but now, my current house has four bedrooms and two bathrooms.
Overall, my current house is better.

How has your house changed since then?

My house has some changes since I first moved in.
I have no conern about my house, so my wife always think of the change of my house.
First, she bought new funiture like a big bed and a auto dish washer.
Also, she redecorated the living room. For exmaple,
she installed a new room to the living room. It made the living room less spacious than before.
However, new room is more comfortable for three kids.
Now, my house is much better than before.

Talk about your bedroom.

I live in an apartment with my family in Dong-back.
My room is cozy and comfortable.
As soon as I enter my room, I can see a comfortable bed on the right.
Right next to the bed, there is a closet.
On the right side of my room, thre is a big bookshelf with many books.
Overall, my room is a good place to take a rest.









